feat(destinations): validate no update on slack (#2661)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/notification_destination.html.markdown

In order to create a Slack destination, you have to grant our application access to your workspace. This process is [based on OAuth](https://api.slack.com/authentication/oauth-v2) and can only be done through a browser.
As a result, you cannot set up a Slack destination purely with Terraform code.

> You can either use [the destination data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/data-sources/notification_destination),
> or reference destination id directly. Destination ID which can be found through [the destination data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/data-sources/notification_destination),
> our GraphQL API, or using the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you would like to use Slack-based destinations with other resources in the New Relic Terraform Provider, the [data source `newrelic_notification_destination`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/data-sources/notification_destination),
may be used to fetch the ID of the destination; alternatively, you might want to source the ID of the destination from  NerdGraph, or from the New Relic One UI.
```

(just trying to make this paragraph look better - please let me know if it sounds okay, too :))

Author: There's no real need to use the slack-based destination on TF, you can just use the id itself, which is already needed to get this resource or data source in the first place.
So this update might make it a bit confusing...

Reviewer: You're right, but I just wanted to rephrase your sentence, just to make it slightly more better grammatically (and not add anything else to the sentence); so I think we might want to have this change (maybe? Let me know what you think :)

## Import

~> **WARNING:** Please be aware that while you can import the Slack destination resource, it can only be used to delete it through Terraform.

> 

Reviewer: This is nice, but would you want to consider keeping this a little more elaborate, in order to help convey that it isn't really useful to use this destination via Terraform (along the lines of what I've posted [here](https://github.com/newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic/pull/2661#discussion_r1607150178))? Just give this a thought :)

Author: I changed the wording a bit given that the warning is inside the import section so there's no need to talk about configuring or creating a destination. 
Regarding the data source, we already talk about it on the slack section so I removed it as I wanted to make the warning as clear as possible.

Reviewer: https://github.com/newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic/pull/2661#discussion_r1608398693

> ~> **WARNING:** Slack-based destinations can only be imported and destroyed; this resource **does not** support updating Slack-based destinations, owing to the reasons stated above, under the **Slack** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **WARNING:** Slack-based destinations can only be imported and destroyed; this resource **does not** support creating and updating Slack-based destinations, owing to the reasons stated above, under the **Slack** section.
```

(one final nitpick)

In order to create a Slack destination, you have to grant our application access to your workspace. This process is [based on OAuth](https://api.slack.com/authentication/oauth-v2) and can only be done through a browser.
As a result, you cannot set up a Slack destination purely with Terraform code.
You can either use [the destination data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/data-sources/notification_destination),
or reference destination id directly. Destination ID which can be found through [the destination data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/data-sources/notification_destination),
our GraphQL API, or using the user interface.

> ~> **NOTE:** Please be aware that while you can import the Slack destination resource, it can only be used to delete it through Terraform.

Reviewer: as discussed on Slack, this note can be shifted downwards, with a **warning** that states
 
```
Slack-based destinations configured/set up using the `newrelic_notification_destination` resource can only be imported and destroyed; this resource **does not** support creating/updating Slack-based destinations, owing to the reasons stated above, under the **Slack** section. Hence, **it is recommended to use the** `newrelic_notification_destination` data source instead, **to fetch the ID of the Slack destination configured via the UI** to use with other resources in the New Relic Terraform Provider, such as `newrelic_workflow`.
```

## Import

Destination id can be found in the Destinations page -> three dots at the right of the chosen destination -> copy destination id to clipboard.
This example is especially useful for slack destinations which *must* be imported.

1. Add an empty resource to your terraform file: 
```terraform
resource "newrelic_notification_destination" "foo" {
}
```
2. Run import command: `terraform import newrelic_notification_destination.foo <destination_id>`
3. Run the following command after the import successfully done and copy the information to your resource:
`terraform state show newrelic_notification_destination.foo`
4. Add `ignore_changes` attribute on `auth_token` in your imported resource:
```terraform
lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [auth_token]
  }
```

Your imported destination should look like that:
```terraform
resource "newrelic_notification_destination" "foo" {
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [auth_token]
  }

  name = "*********"
  type = "SLACK"

  auth_token {
    prefix = "Bearer"
  }
  
  property {
      key   = "teamName"
      label = "Team Name"
      value = "******"
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: please revert, as discussed on Slack
